README.md, before:

XBMC Remote App
===

## Introduction

This app is created for my Major Project at Aberystwyth University. It uses the [Rhodes](http://www.rhomobile.com) framework.

## Author

Richard Race

## Credits

This app wouldn't be possible if it wasn't for the work of other people.

Christoph Olszowka's Simple XBMC Client in Ruby. Accessed Dec 15 2011 [GitHub](https://github.com/colszowka/xbmc-client). Custom License (gives permission to "use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell"). Full License can be found in "/app/helpers/xbmc"

Artem Kramarenko's work on making a Rhodes validator. Accessed Dec 10 2011 [GitHub](https://github.com/artemk/rh-validatable)

akquinet A.G.'s jquery-toastmessage-plugin. This is released under the Apache 2.0 License. Accessed Feb 24 2012 [GitHub](http://akquinet.github.com/jquery-toastmessage-plugin/). The Apache 2.0 License can be found in the folder with the code (/public/jquery-toastmessage-plugin).

Using Rail's Active Record to constantize XBMC Commands - Released under MIT Licence. Accessed Dec 15 2011 [GitHub Source](https://github.com/rails/rails/blob/6c367a0d787705746f262d0bd5ad8c4f13a8c809/activesupport/lib/active_support/inflector/methods.rb#L212) | [GitHub Root](https://github.com/rails/rails) | [API Document](http://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveSupport/Inflector.html#method-i-constantize)

LazyLoad Plugin for JQuery. Using this plugin helped with getting/loading of images within the Movie List. It is released under the MIT Licence, I have added one line of code to get it to request to download a missing image, on line 97. Accessed 24 April 2012 [Project Home](http://www.appelsiini.net/projects/lazyload).

Icons used from within this project are from:

IconSweets. License = "You may use these icons for both commercial and non-commercial projects and customize them any way you like". Accessed Dec 10 2011 [Website](http://iconsweets.com/)

IconSweets 2. License = "You may use these icons for both commercial and non-commercial projects and customize them any way you like. You may NOT redistribute these icons from any other server". Accessed Dec 10 2011 [Website](http://iconsweets2.com/)

Primo. License = "free for personal and commercial use". Full License can be found "/public/images/primo" Accessed Feb 17 2012 [Website](http://www.webdesignerdepot.com/2009/07/200-free-exclusive-vector-icons-primo/)

Simplicio (unknown thumbnail) Accessed Feb 16 2012 [Website](http://neurovit.deviantart.com/art/simplicio-92311415?q=gallery%3Aneurovit&qo=0) License is CC [Website](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/), however the author states "you can use these icons in your personal or commercial projects without asking for permission".

## License 

Currently this is released under the MIT license.

Commit message:

Updated for To Do list; Remove Google API Key

README.md, after:

XBMC Remote App
===

## Introduction

This app is created for my Major Project at Aberystwyth University. It uses the [Rhodes](http://www.rhomobile.com) framework.

You need to add your own Google Shopping API key to project in the following file "app/helpers/product_helper.rb"

## Author

Richard Race

## To Do

- Add Google API key to XBMC Config
- Add Music support

## Credits

This app wouldn't be possible if it wasn't for the work of other people.

Christoph Olszowka's Simple XBMC Client in Ruby. Accessed Dec 15 2011 [GitHub](https://github.com/colszowka/xbmc-client). Custom License (gives permission to "use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell"). Full License can be found in "/app/helpers/xbmc"

Artem Kramarenko's work on making a Rhodes validator. Accessed Dec 10 2011 [GitHub](https://github.com/artemk/rh-validatable)

akquinet A.G.'s jquery-toastmessage-plugin. This is released under the Apache 2.0 License. Accessed Feb 24 2012 [GitHub](http://akquinet.github.com/jquery-toastmessage-plugin/). The Apache 2.0 License can be found in the folder with the code (/public/jquery-toastmessage-plugin).

Using Rail's Active Record to constantize XBMC Commands - Released under MIT Licence. Accessed Dec 15 2011 [GitHub Source](https://github.com/rails/rails/blob/6c367a0d787705746f262d0bd5ad8c4f13a8c809/activesupport/lib/active_support/inflector/methods.rb#L212) | [GitHub Root](https://github.com/rails/rails) | [API Document](http://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveSupport/Inflector.html#method-i-constantize)

LazyLoad Plugin for JQuery. Using this plugin helped with getting/loading of images within the Movie List. It is released under the MIT Licence, I have added one line of code to get it to request to download a missing image, on line 97. Accessed 24 April 2012 [Project Home](http://www.appelsiini.net/projects/lazyload).

Icons used from within this project are from:

IconSweets. License = "You may use these icons for both commercial and non-commercial projects and customize them any way you like". Accessed Dec 10 2011 [Website](http://iconsweets.com/)

IconSweets 2. License = "You may use these icons for both commercial and non-commercial projects and customize them any way you like. You may NOT redistribute these icons from any other server". Accessed Dec 10 2011 [Website](http://iconsweets2.com/)

Primo. License = "free for personal and commercial use". Full License can be found "/public/images/primo" Accessed Feb 17 2012 [Website](http://www.webdesignerdepot.com/2009/07/200-free-exclusive-vector-icons-primo/)

Simplicio (unknown thumbnail) Accessed Feb 16 2012 [Website](http://neurovit.deviantart.com/art/simplicio-92311415?q=gallery%3Aneurovit&qo=0) License is CC [Website](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/), however the author states "you can use these icons in your personal or commercial projects without asking for permission".

## License 

Currently this is released under the MIT license.
